Add a Nevergrad Sweeper plugin (#430)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/plugins/nevergrad_sweeper.md

This application has the following configuration:
```yaml
defaults:
  - hydra/sweeper: nevergrad-sweeper

hydra:
  sweeper:
    params:
      # configuration of the optimizer
      optim:
        # name of the nevergrad optimizer to use
        # OnePlusOne is good at low budget, but may converge early
        optimizer: OnePlusOne
        # total number of function evaluations to perform
        budget: 100
        # number of parallel workers for performing function evaluations
        num_workers: 10
      # default parametrization of the search space
      parametrization:
        # either one or the other
        db:
          - mnist
          - cifar
        # a log-distributed positive scalar, evolving by factors of 2 on average
        lr:
          init: 0.02
          step: 2.0
          log: true
        # a custom nevergrad parameter evaluated at runtime (avoid using this whenever possible)

>         dropout: Scalar(lower=0.0, upper=1.0)

Reviewer: Make this the last example in the file as it's not recommended.

Author: done

        # an integer scalar going from 4 to 16
        # init is set to the middle of the range
        # step is set to a sixth of the range
        batch_size:
          lower: 4
          upper: 16

>           integer: true

Reviewer: commends seems out of sync with the parameters below.

Author: it's not, is it clearer now?
```yaml
# an integer scalar going from 4 to 16
# init and step parameters could also be provided,
# by default init is set to the middle of the range
# and step is set to a sixth of the range
```

Reviewer: Yup. this is much better.

db: cifar
lr: 0.01
dropout: 0.6
batch_size: 8
```

> The application `main` returns a float which we want to minimimize, the minimum is 0 and reached for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The the function decorated with `@hydra.main()` returns a float which we want to minimize, the minimum is 0 and reached for:
```

```yaml
db: mnist
lr: 0.12
dropout: 0.33
batch_size=4
```

To run hyperparameter search and look for the best parameters for this function, clone the code and run the following command in the `plugins/hydra_nevergrad_sweeper` directory:
```bash
python example/dummy_training.py -m
```

You can also override the search space parametrization:
```bash
python example/dummy_training.py -m db=mnist,cifar batch_size=4,8,16 lr=log:0.001:1 dropout=0:1
```

The output of a run looks like:

> The initialization of the sweep and the first 5 evaluations (out of 100) look like this:

Reviewer: Two lines with:
colon seems weird:

Author: removed one of them which should not have been there

Choices are defined with **comma-separated values** in the command-line (`db=mnist,cifar` or `batch_size=4,8,12,16`) or with a list in a config file.

**Note:** sequences of increasing scalars are treated as a special case, easier to solve. Make sure to specify it this way when possible.

### Scalars
Scalars can be defined:

- through a commandline override with **`:`-separated values** defining a range (eg: `dropout=0:1`).
You can add specifications for log distributed values (eg.: `lr=log:0.001:1`) or integer values (eg.: `batch_size=int:4:8`)
or a combination of both (eg.: `batch_size=log:int:4:1024`)

- through a config files, with fields:
  - `init`: optional initial value
  - `lower` : optional lower bound
  - `upper`: optional upper bound
  - `log`: set to `true` for log distributed values
  - `step`: optional step size for looking for better parameters. In linear mode this is an additive step, in logarithmic mode it
    is multiplicative. 
  - `integer`: set to `true` for integers (favor floats over integers whenever possible)

  Providing only `lower` and `upper` bound will set the initial value to the middle of the range, and the step to a sixth of the range.

> **Note**: unbounded variables are only available through a config file.

Reviewer: This is the first time you mention unbounded variables in the doc.
Can you explain what they are before introducing the concept?

Author: Is it better now? `unbounded scalars (scalars with no upper and/or lower bounds) can only be defined through a config file.`

Reviewer: Much clearer.
You can simplify to it to:
`Scalars with no upper and/or lower bounds can only be defined through a config file.`

---
id: nevergrad_sweeper
title: Nevergrad Sweeper plugin
sidebar_label: Nevergrad Sweeper plugin
---

> This plugin provides a mechanism for Hydra applications to use [Nevergrad](https://github.com/facebookresearch/nevergrad) algorithms for the optimization of the parameters of any experiment.

Reviewer: See new standard header badges in [colorlog](https://hydra.cc/docs/next/plugins/colorlog) and [joblib](https://hydra.cc/docs/next/plugins/joblib_launcher).
The Ax plugin docs needs to be updated.

Add what makes sense (things about a pip package can wait until I create one).
I added plugin source and example links as standardized badges for all official plugins.

Install with:

```
pip install hydra_nevergrad_sweeper
```

Once installed, override `hydra/sweeper` in your config:

```yaml
defaults:
  - hydra/sweeper: nevergrad
```

We include an example of how to use this plugin. The file [`example/dummy_training.py`](plugins/hydra_nevergrad_sweeper/example/dummy_training.py) implements an example of how to perform minimization of a (dummy) function including a mixture of continuous and discrete parameters. 

To compute the best parameters for this function, clone the code and run the following command in the `plugins/hydra_nevergrad_sweeper` directory:

```
python example/dummy_training.py -m db=mnist,cifar batch_size=4,8,16 lr='Log(a_min=0.001,a_max=1.0)' dropout=0.0:1.0
```

The output of a run looks like:

```
TODO
```

In this example, we set the range of

# About integers and floats

> One important thing to note is how float and integers are interpreted in the commandline. When at least one of variable bounds is a float then the parameter is considered to be a float and be continuous. On the other end, when both the bounds are set to integers, the variable becomes a discrete integer scalar. Note that minimizing on continuous variables is simpler so favor floats over integers when it makes sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One important thing to note is how float and integers are interpreted in the command-line. When at least one of variable bounds is a float then the parameter is considered to be a float and be continuous. On the other end, when both the bounds are set to integers, the variable becomes a discrete integer scalar. Optimizing with continuous variables is easier so favor floats over integers when it makes sense.
```

          init: 0.02
          step: 2.0
          log: true
        # an integer scalar going from 4 to 16
        # init and step parameters could also be provided,
        # by default init is set to the middle of the range
        # and step is set to a sixth of the range
        batch_size:
          lower: 4
          upper: 16
          integer: true
        # a custom nevergrad parameter evaluated at runtime (avoid using this whenever possible)
        dropout: Scalar(lower=0.0, upper=1.0)

db: cifar
lr: 0.01
batch_size: 8
dropout: 0.6
```

> The the function decorated with `@hydra.main()` returns a float which we want to minimize, the minimum is 0 and reached for:

Reviewer: Should mention how to maximize somewhere in the readme.
Maybe as a commented out line in the config node above.

Author: added to the conf
